When did Mr. Yan have a fiancée?
His fiancee is so beautiful and so outstanding
It must be some rich daughter
Rich daughter
How could you think
I'm just something you won't even look at when you open your eyes
Cleaner
Work a little faster!
If you don't eliminate it, it will deduct your salary. Okay, manager.
Hey boss, hey, I know, okay, okay, I'll be right there.
Yo nephew
When do you have a fiancée?
There is such a big thing, it is not wise uncle
Can't tell
Who is this guy?
Why does it look so familiar?
Hey, what are you doing today?
Get out of here!
Do you know how expensive my shoes are?
I told you, I can't afford to pay for a year's salary if it gets dirty.
What dog is angry sorry
That is Vice President Yan Jihai
It sounds like the president's uncle
Actually.
He is the illegitimate son of the old man outside
A tree owner actually solicited approval from our president
Rich people are not bad
Then rich people also have good character
Our president is good
For people like us at the bottom?
They are all very kind
How can it be like his strictly prohibited industry?
Nostrils look down on people
Don't take it to heart, it's him